## Eigen Secret
Eigen Secret is a private transaction layer for EVM-compatible blockchains, aiming to offer a privacy-preserving and regulatory-friendly payment channel for businesses and end-users.

The asset model is built on extended UTXO, each UTXO is attached to a SMT leaf. the linkage between sender and receiver is proteced by ECDH, namely stealth address.

The L2 account has an account key and a signing key, and all are EDDSA key pair. the account key is used to hold the L2 asset and the signing key is used to signing the L2 transaction. All the two keys can be upgraded once you found they are compromised.

For the current version, the notes of each transaction are encrypted by user's signing key. The signing key will be upgraded to TSS scheme to make it regulatory-friendly.

All circuits are implemented by Circom 2 and proved by eigen-zkit. The eigen-zkit allow the proof of each transaction being aggregated.

The core features are:

* Decentralization: the proofs are generated on user side and the L2 transactions will be stored via DA solution, and this enable everyone can run their own proving node.

* Security: assets are controlled by the user's account key generated by Metamask or other self-custodial wallets.

* Privacy preservation: Anonymity and transaction data encryption are enabled to preserve user asserts' privacy.

* Regulation friendly: the sealed transaction can be recovered by secure multiple computations among regulator and user.

* Easy-to-integrate: the node and web SDK are provided for businesses and end-users to get access eaily.

